virgilio gomes computer programmer is frustrated
political agents at that time the two images were closed
and are ready to be loaded
Loading
the connection time to cable
means I'll have to start recharging
fifteen minutes of play
São Paulo is in the lead
bush
according to the ect regional director
so English confirmed
ps it looks like liverpool but the player was impeded
happened in front of the state government taking the photos
for raw complaint then we will abandon this effort
the three tries out
date
customer told land waiting
18 minutes from the second half liverpool had his request for a
hit
They fled
kiss stresses
they have a style of play
the ball is in the net for the second time.
the ball was out of the beginning of the year
the car was there to see
it was not a goal
to every handicap against liverpool
the fury increases
as well as pressure on the judges
that
W
there are only three minutes left
in another part of the river known as dj inside the goal
but students and militants
and this may have been a good decision
or a great day in a crucial championship game
a replay shows that the ewerthon deterrence decision is correct
people it shows incredible accuracy under pressure
but that's not how liverpool fans came from
O
I'm talking about the second
the world's pawn in são luís
the player
the Indian quarterback and liverpool
go towards the street
not
one of five minutes from the end of last year
clashes like this can become violent at a moment's notice
in the past the Chinese were attacked by their decisions
close to three major developments
all concerts
the final verdict was given by the camera explains
It was worth the effort and she worked well enough to be invited back
next year
the next phase was a hard battle face it was actually that she was
working very well but someone with something and we had a lot
radio interference was thus the whole match
I'm glad it's over, it's been a lot of pressure.
It was not easy, but I think we'll be fine.
the body of life return us assembled during the commercial interval deivid
offers units have infidel
he and my sons armando and manoel
said that the sacrifices we make
all fights the difficult stages
that's why we do it
for him compared to the rest of the game the opposition efforts to the millions
the podium photos were awesome
because as the players passed the majority photographing one after
from the other
in the second half I got a good material
It was a good game in a good game.
Brazilian version selection
O